Network Update, sprint 72 (#482)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-10-11-network.md

---
title: Network Team Update
slug: 2024-10-11-network
authors: coot
tags: [network]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## Overview of [sprint 72][sprint-72]

[sprint-72]: https://github.com/orgs/IntersectMBO/projects/5/views/1?filterQuery=sprint%3A%22Sprint+72%22

> ### `cardano-node` release: `9.3.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `cardano-node` release: `10.0`
```

Author: Thanks.

> We have been working on the `cardano-node-9.3.0` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have been working on the `cardano-node-10.0` release.
```
